this is an important part of the job if you're going to have so this was
it I just would consider it art of the job that I had to do and to
help science is also you don't want to do that the you know you will
be gracious in the war as is and he sees all of Jews your lotus NG
a war of it out all of the team because you don't want to be so war
all you do with that I yeah a and then this way people understand
if you're a fan of leader there's only one way and you call that was
a that was on there's a but don't forget the make sure you let people
know when they've done a good job I want to hear that you want if
you want to hear that the one and that's routine that you're responsible
for